README.md, before:

# MarkdownAll

MarkdownAll is a sophisticated desktop application designed to effortlessly convert web articles into clean, readable Markdown files. Built with a modular architecture and modern GUI framework, it's perfect for archiving content, creating a personal knowledge base.

## Screenshots

![Splash Screen](src/markdownall/ui/assets/screenshot_splash.webp)

![Main Application Window](src/markdownall/ui/assets/screenshot.webp)

## Features

* **Modern & Intuitive GUI:** A clean and responsive graphical interface built with PySide6.
* **Batch Conversion:** Convert multiple URLs in a single session with progress tracking and real-time status updates.
* **Advanced Crawler Technology:** Multi-strategy crawler system with automatic fallback:
    * **Playwright:** Modern browser automation for complex anti-bot scenarios with advanced stealth techniques
    * **httpx:** High-performance HTTP/2 client for fast requests with session management
    * **Requests:** Lightweight HTTP client for simple scenarios with robust error handling
    * **Anti-Detection Measures:** Advanced browser automation with realistic user behavior simulation, geolocation spoofing, and stealth techniques
    * **Dynamic Content Processing:** Handles JavaScript-rendered content, lazy-loaded images, and interactive elements
    * **Smart Retry Logic:** Automatic retry with exponential backoff for failed requests and rate limiting
    * **Session Pre-warming:** Establishes legitimate sessions before accessing target content to improve success rates
* **Specialized Site Handlers:** Dedicated processors for complex websites:
    * **WeChat Official Account Articles:** Advanced handling with multi-strategy crawling and anti-detection measures, with configurable filtering rules for each account
    * **Zhihu.com:** Supports both Zhihu column articles and answer pages with Smart Content Detection
    * **WordPress Blogs:** Optimized processing for WordPress-based websites with metadata extraction
    * **Next.js Blogs:** Tuned for common static Next.js blog themes with enhanced content processing
    * **More:** sspai.com, appinn.com and so on.
    * **Generic Handler:** Intelligent fallback for all other websites with multi-strategy implementation
* **Options:**
    * **Proxy Support:** Configurable proxy settings with system proxy detection
    * **SSL Verification:** Optional SSL certificate verification bypass for problematic sites
    * **Image Handling:** Downloads all images from articles and saves them locally for complete, offline-first archives with format detection and correction
    * **Content Filtering:** Removes typical site chrome (nav, header, footer, TOC, comments) before conversion for Generic Handler
    * **Speed Mode (Shared Browser):** Reuse one Playwright browser per batch, new context per URL for improved performance
* **Session Management:**
    * **Auto-save:** Automatically saves your work session and restores it on next launch
    * **Config Export/Import:** Export and import configuration settings for easy backup and sharing
    * **Multiple Sessions:** Support for multiple named sessions for different projects
* **Multilingual Support:** Built-in support for English and Chinese (Simplified) with automatic language detection and easy switching.

## Installation

To set up the project locally, you will need a working Python environment (Python 3.10+ recommended).

1. **Clone the repository:**
   ```bash
   git clone https://github.com/VimWei/MarkdownAll
   ```
2. **Install Python venv:**
   ```bash
   # 2.1 Intasll uv
   ## Windows (PowerShell)
   powershell -ExecutionPolicy ByPass -c "irm https://astral.sh/uv/install.ps1 | iex"
   ## Linux/macOS
   curl -LsSf https://astral.sh/uv/install.sh | sh

   # 2.2 sync python environment
   cd MarkdownAll
   uv sync
   ```
3. **Install Playwright browsers:**
   ```bash
   playwright install
   ```

## Usage

### Launching the Application

Option 1: (Windows/Linux/macOS) Command line:
```bash
uv run markdownall
```
Option 2: (Windows only) Double-click launcher file `MarkdownAll.vbs`.

### Basic Usage

**Converting Articles:**
1. Paste a URL into the top input field and click "Add +".
2. Add as many URLs as you need to the list.
3. Use the up/down arrows to reorder URLs if needed.
4. Choose your desired output directory using the "Choose..." button.
5. Configure your options:
   * **Use System Proxy:** Enable if you're behind a corporate firewall
   * **Ignore SSL Verification:** Enable for sites with certificate issues
   * **Download Images:** Download and save images locally (recommended)
   * **Filter Non-content Elements:** Remove navigation, ads, and other non-article content for Generic Handler
   * **Speed Mode (Shared Browser):** Enable for faster batch processing
6. Click the "Convert to Markdown" button to begin the conversion process.

## Acknowledgements

This project stands on the shoulders of giants. We would like to thank the developers of these outstanding open-source libraries:

* **MarkItDown:** For the core Markdown conversion engine that powers the entire application.
* **PySide6:** For the powerful and modern Qt-based GUI framework that provides the responsive user interface.
* **Playwright:** For modern browser automation and handling complex anti-bot scenarios on challenging websites.
* **httpx:** For high-performance HTTP/2 client capabilities and modern async support.
* **Requests:** For robust and simple HTTP requests with excellent session management.
* **BeautifulSoup4:** For its excellence in parsing and navigating HTML content.
* **lxml:** For fast and reliable XML/HTML parsing capabilities.
* **aiohttp:** For asynchronous HTTP client functionality enabling concurrent image downloads.

## License

This project is licensed under the **MIT License**. You are free to use, modify, and distribute it as you see fit.

Commit message:

Update license in README.md to GNU General Public License v3.0 (GPL-3.0) with detailed usage terms

README.md, after:

# MarkdownAll

MarkdownAll is a sophisticated desktop application designed to effortlessly convert web articles into clean, readable Markdown files. Built with a modular architecture and modern GUI framework, it's perfect for archiving content, creating a personal knowledge base.

## Screenshots

![Splash Screen](src/markdownall/ui/assets/screenshot_splash.webp)

![Main Application Window](src/markdownall/ui/assets/screenshot.webp)

## Features

* **Modern & Intuitive GUI:** A clean and responsive graphical interface built with PySide6.
* **Batch Conversion:** Convert multiple URLs in a single session with progress tracking and real-time status updates.
* **Advanced Crawler Technology:** Multi-strategy crawler system with automatic fallback:
    * **Playwright:** Modern browser automation for complex anti-bot scenarios with advanced stealth techniques
    * **httpx:** High-performance HTTP/2 client for fast requests with session management
    * **Requests:** Lightweight HTTP client for simple scenarios with robust error handling
    * **Anti-Detection Measures:** Advanced browser automation with realistic user behavior simulation, geolocation spoofing, and stealth techniques
    * **Dynamic Content Processing:** Handles JavaScript-rendered content, lazy-loaded images, and interactive elements
    * **Smart Retry Logic:** Automatic retry with exponential backoff for failed requests and rate limiting
    * **Session Pre-warming:** Establishes legitimate sessions before accessing target content to improve success rates
* **Specialized Site Handlers:** Dedicated processors for complex websites:
    * **WeChat Official Account Articles:** Advanced handling with multi-strategy crawling and anti-detection measures, with configurable filtering rules for each account
    * **Zhihu.com:** Supports both Zhihu column articles and answer pages with Smart Content Detection
    * **WordPress Blogs:** Optimized processing for WordPress-based websites with metadata extraction
    * **Next.js Blogs:** Tuned for common static Next.js blog themes with enhanced content processing
    * **More:** sspai.com, appinn.com and so on.
    * **Generic Handler:** Intelligent fallback for all other websites with multi-strategy implementation
* **Options:**
    * **Proxy Support:** Configurable proxy settings with system proxy detection
    * **SSL Verification:** Optional SSL certificate verification bypass for problematic sites
    * **Image Handling:** Downloads all images from articles and saves them locally for complete, offline-first archives with format detection and correction
    * **Content Filtering:** Removes typical site chrome (nav, header, footer, TOC, comments) before conversion for Generic Handler
    * **Speed Mode (Shared Browser):** Reuse one Playwright browser per batch, new context per URL for improved performance
* **Session Management:**
    * **Auto-save:** Automatically saves your work session and restores it on next launch
    * **Config Export/Import:** Export and import configuration settings for easy backup and sharing
    * **Multiple Sessions:** Support for multiple named sessions for different projects
* **Multilingual Support:** Built-in support for English and Chinese (Simplified) with automatic language detection and easy switching.

## Installation

To set up the project locally, you will need a working Python environment (Python 3.10+ recommended).

1. **Clone the repository:**
   ```bash
   git clone https://github.com/VimWei/MarkdownAll
   ```
2. **Install Python venv:**
   ```bash
   # 2.1 Intasll uv
   ## Windows (PowerShell)
   powershell -ExecutionPolicy ByPass -c "irm https://astral.sh/uv/install.ps1 | iex"
   ## Linux/macOS
   curl -LsSf https://astral.sh/uv/install.sh | sh

   # 2.2 sync python environment
   cd MarkdownAll
   uv sync
   ```
3. **Install Playwright browsers:**
   ```bash
   playwright install
   ```

## Usage

### Launching the Application

Option 1: (Windows/Linux/macOS) Command line:
```bash
uv run markdownall
```
Option 2: (Windows only) Double-click launcher file `MarkdownAll.vbs`.

### Basic Usage

**Converting Articles:**
1. Paste a URL into the top input field and click "Add +".
2. Add as many URLs as you need to the list.
3. Use the up/down arrows to reorder URLs if needed.
4. Choose your desired output directory using the "Choose..." button.
5. Configure your options:
   * **Use System Proxy:** Enable if you're behind a corporate firewall
   * **Ignore SSL Verification:** Enable for sites with certificate issues
   * **Download Images:** Download and save images locally (recommended)
   * **Filter Non-content Elements:** Remove navigation, ads, and other non-article content for Generic Handler
   * **Speed Mode (Shared Browser):** Enable for faster batch processing
6. Click the "Convert to Markdown" button to begin the conversion process.

## Acknowledgements

This project stands on the shoulders of giants. We would like to thank the developers of these outstanding open-source libraries:

* **MarkItDown:** For the core Markdown conversion engine that powers the entire application.
* **PySide6:** For the powerful and modern Qt-based GUI framework that provides the responsive user interface.
* **Playwright:** For modern browser automation and handling complex anti-bot scenarios on challenging websites.
* **httpx:** For high-performance HTTP/2 client capabilities and modern async support.
* **Requests:** For robust and simple HTTP requests with excellent session management.
* **BeautifulSoup4:** For its excellence in parsing and navigating HTML content.
* **lxml:** For fast and reliable XML/HTML parsing capabilities.
* **aiohttp:** For asynchronous HTTP client functionality enabling concurrent image downloads.

## License

This project is licensed under the **GNU General Public License v3.0 (GPL-3.0)**. 

This means:
- You are free to use, modify, and distribute this software
- Any derivative works must also be licensed under GPL-3.0
- You must make the source code available when distributing the software
- You must preserve copyright notices and license information

For more details, see the [LICENSE](LICENSE) file or visit [https://www.gnu.org/licenses/gpl-3.0.html](https://www.gnu.org/licenses/gpl-3.0.html).
